feat(): added react query to docs site (#347)
amido/amido.github.io: docs/nx/next/react-query.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->
### @ensono-stacks/next:react-query

<details>

> <summary>Add Next Authentication to your next application</summary>

Reviewer: Copy paste error?
```suggestion
<summary>Add state management to your application with react-query</summary>
```

> The react-query generator will install and update `_app.tsx` into an existing Next application. It will update the `_app.tsx` file by adding the query provider and update the `.eslintrc` file with the react-query eslint plugin.

Reviewer: It will install and update '_app.tsx'? 

This initial description needs to be much more high level, the details you have here should be covered in the generator output.

```suggestion
This generator is used to configure your application with state management, using the plugin (link to plugin repo) react-query. In addition, the application will be updated with the relevant linting rules to ensure that the application conforms is compliant when using react-query.
```

## Prerequisites

> An existing [Next](https://nextjs.org/) application

Reviewer: Is _app.tsx always present?

Author: If they are using pages it will always have `_app.tsx`

| --provider | The provider to be installed  | string    | none/azureAd                   |none     |

### Generator Output

* updates nx.json
* updates apps/demo-01/pages/_app.tsx
* updates apps/demo-01/.eslintrc.json
* updates package.json

```json title="/package.json"
"dependencies": {
    ...otherDependencies
    "react-query": "4.32.0",
},
```

```json title=".eslintrc"
"plugins": [
    ...otherPlugins
    "@tanstack/eslint-plugin-query",
],
```

- Append the `_app.tsx` file with the creation of the query client
- Append the `_app.tsx` file with a query provider 

```typescript title="/apps/appName/_app.tsx"
import { AppProps } from 'next/app';
import Head from 'next/head';
import './styles.css';
import { QueryClient, QueryClientProvider } from "@tanstack/react-query";

const queryClient = new QueryClient()

function CustomApp({
  Component,
  pageProps: { session, ...pageProps },
}: AppProps) {
  return (
    <QueryClientProvider client={queryClient}>
      <Head>
        <title>Welcome to testing!</title>
      </Head>
      <main className="app">
        <Component {...pageProps} />
      </main>
    </QueryClientProvider>
  );
}
export default CustomApp;

> ```

Reviewer: To help highlight exactly what we actually do here, worth mention that we take the existing application and *wrap* it with a new QueryClientProvider, using a newly created QueryClient.

You can highlight the specific lines of code that we add using "// highlight-next-line" above the line of code
